Move warehouse setup pages and layout (#3341)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/references-overview.md

---
title: "About References"
id: "references-overview"
sidebar_label: "About References"
description: "Connect dbt to any data platform in dbt Cloud or dbt Core, using a dedicated adapter plugin"
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

> The References section contains reference materials for developing in dbt Cloud and dbt Core. 

Reviewer: One thing I've seen our teams do when a feature is applicable to both Core and Cloud is to use only `dbt`.  Might save you the trouble of having to type core and cloud repeatedly. I don't know if that's officially accepted branding, but might be worth talking about.

> Learn how you can add more configurations to your dbt project or adapter, use properties for extra ability, refer to dbt commands, use powerful Jinja functions to streamline your dbt project, and understand how to use dbt artifacts. The <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to add more configurations to your dbt project or adapter, use properties for extra ability, refer to dbt commands, use powerful Jinja functions to streamline your dbt project, and understand how to use dbt artifacts. The <br />
```

<div className="grid--3-col">

<Card
    title="Project configurations"
    body="Customize and configure your dbt project to optimize performance."
    link="/reference/dbt_project.yml"
    icon="computer"/>

<Card
    title="Platform-specific configurations"

>     body="Learn how to do data platform-specific things in dbt Cloud and dbt Core to optimize performance."

Reviewer: "things" is a `nothing word`, and while I 110% enjoy saying "do the thing," for the reader's sake, I think we should avoid vagueness on the cards. 
```suggestion
    body="Learn how to optimize performance with data platform-specific configurations in dbt Cloud and dbt Core."
```

    link="/reference/resource-configs/postgres-configs"
    icon="computer"/>

<Card
    title="Resource configurations and properties"

>     body="Your project's resources, such as models, snapshots, seeds, and tests, can have properties and configurations that provide extra abilities."

Reviewer: It might benefit the reader more if we lead with the meat of what's in this section.  Maybe something like: 
```suggestion
    body="Properties and configurations that provide extra abilities to your projects resources."
```

    link="/reference/configs-and-properties"
    icon="computer"/>

<Card
    title="dbt Commands"
    body="Outlines the commands supported by dbt and their relevant flags."
    link="/reference/dbt-commands"
    icon="computer"/>

<Card
    title="dbt Jinja functions"
    body="Additional functions and variables to the Jinja context that are useful when working with a dbt project."
    link="/reference/dbt-jinja-functions"
    icon="computer"/>

<Card
    title="dbt Artifacts"
    body="Information on dbt-generated Artifacts and how you can use them."
    link="/reference/artifacts/dbt-artifacts"
    icon="computer"/>

<Card

>     title="Database Permissions Artifacts"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title="Snowflake Permissions Artifacts"
```

>     body="Provides an example database role permissions."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    body="Provides an example Snowflake database role permissions."
```
